Special files are for if you want to mix up the game for other ways to play.

If you play with another player (which is truly the best experience to make All The Units with your friends!)
Then all players MUST have matching files, using any files you replaced. If even there is a single letter A in one of the
files, the game will see it's not a matching file and (as I believe from what I've heard) without matching files, the game
has some anti-cheat and it'l not let ya play multiplayer with a disconnecting message.
So ALL players must have matching files to play. Reverting to Original is if you don't know
what files you exactly replaced, though you only have 3 in total different to work with.
Leaders, Objects, Scenario Disciptions. 



You'll have 3 options. With each folder, just COPY all the xml files,
and replace the ones in the "Data" Folder. The Data Folder
is the one of the first four folders you see when opening 
the All The Units mod. The folder before you opened Useful Information.



From the 3 Choices, you can either increase your base size with
a cheap quick edit of the base where I added more buildings in 30
minutes because I wanted a bigger base to keep me enertained through
enough playtesting. Do note, maps are defenitly not supported to
use the extra big base, it's already big enough by default so
the bigger base will indeed be colliding with things more than the
regular base will, but that's not on me! This extra big base's
only purpase was to be a cheap quick edit, it's just a bonus here.


Second you'll find you can increase the AI's popcap to 999, making
them train rather large armies if you find you're just too
good or you want to fight some big armies. The AI show no mercy on Legendary
with 999 Popcap, The biggest and baddest armies will assault the mighty
Super Fortress.


Your third choice is simple, it'l enable the special custom maps I spent weeks 
making them come to life with my masterful prop placing skills, but the 
Curse of the Crashes has ruint it, ruint it I tell ya! 
It'l highly likely crash upon playing until
the Curse of The Crashes is resolved. 
Though I've tried, and tried but the way the
building system works in this mod just says no
to custom maps and the regular game itself sometimes. :/
I've looked for a work around, to do it differently, and multiple
solutions; all to no avail.


Or if you want the big base only, that's an option.

The Big Base + 999 Popcap comes with the Covenant Ai's Wild Army.
(Starting out with unusual units they shouldn't have...)



                                                                           
